ok how are you I am lp and thank you
that you have clicked video yes that
is a new series from me
she calls herself with every weapon and
I start with the mp 7 at the first
unlocked weapon if you have the
classes editor has unlocked yes that
was unlock a lot in two or
three sentences but okay I'll talk
bit over the waffles bit over
the swarm a bit over the turks
which I use I leave here now
fade in
I have them at maximum and then I have
whole list park used that not
everyone uses that called technician
and the technician is doing exactly
Just so it all babies all
shock charges all samples giant
grenades and everything or grenades
everything is marked in red and that one
just a better overview or
Survey about it just gets
for shit on the head is thrown
or if that is just a game around the
corner and that maybe you
should be here
yes that's not so bad and
will that also be black ops for pc
Anyhow, there are so many bouncing babies
that you can almost fill with it
it's a bit of coffee and there has
you do not really care about yours
Swarm without completion series and so on
if all three days get there all three
meter your bouncing part comes and there
the brand will disappear before my
eyes also cool so yes so technician is
very good and it does others too
things you can, for example, I believe
not that you can not but if you
For example , she builds she can see you
shoot down you get 50 points for it
I do even a few times and
that is just as much as we have at the
enemy types confirmed in the connection and
it's really worth it to try
the opponent by the equipment and he
then it gets nice and you get excited
is pleased about over 50 points the
maybe a swab without
conclusion series as I said help yes
so what else is there when you go now
really is so stupid and you look through
the red does not go through the walls and runs
nevertheless a partie
or a baby, and which is activated
look but do not go
That's about two to three seconds
you have extra time around her
escaped or around then
lie
or you could just as well in the
run away and then more
Opponents fight to take care of the enemy
in the upper floor fights and himself
then wonder why exactly not court is
yes what should I say yes in this
play or in this match against a
few mature and that's a great one
I hide myself because I notice
I am 40 in form and the form
important business is running well enough
a package war after that, unfortunately
not one more before i think i am
again 200 points from form 21 tree
died
yes so I think fucking tree form that
you are always 21 points and me too
already two times tilted what he nervous
and here you can see the belated one too
the stock exchanges Berlin and I can
Do not worry about the two types
counting them is a big problem
in black ops 2 because they just have one
screw up like graduation honor and so on and
I do not just like that because of something like that
It can not be said that you can build as well
other new people should use it
you should annoy it so negative anyway
there are still frightened types the
pensive on the kd is real shit because
the nerves and such and I have with one
smg no chance the gameplay past yes
I can, I think a few people
and it was then
since then I still believe so
I have missed on ability '
I do not have an oscar night
it does not matter that 's it if you guys
series likes the thumbs up
when i was mother i was the pc that
watch and see you then